[Autogenerated] VPC and easy to are powerful tools that
you can do really amazing things with.
We really only scratched the surface with what we were
able to accomplish in this module.
But even so, we were able to launch a scalable application structure,
complete with load balancing and scaling rules.
Let's recap what we learned in this module.
We started with an overview of virtual private cloud,
explaining how it's used to isolate and secure any instances created inside it.
Then we tried it out and built our own, which hopefully wasn't too painful.
Then we moved on to ec two and created our first instance and
deployed the demo application from there.
We added a load balancer,
auto scaling groups and finally tried the scaling out by
putting our application under some load.
I think we covered a ton in this module and it's just the start of
developing our wrap with a W S in the next module,
we're going to learn all about amazon's object storage service,
S3 or simple storage service.
It's become ubiquitous across the industry for storage
needs and by learning how simple it is,
you'll definitely understand why in the next module will start modifying
our application code to store and serve content directly from S3 greatly
reducing the load on our application servers. See you in the next module